# NFC-Grades

**Data and Code for manuscript "On the interplay of motivational characteristics and school grades: The role of Need for Cognition"**

2022-03-25

This repository contains the data and code for reproducing the analyses described in the above manuscript. As this project is maintained using the R packages [`renv`](https://rstudio.github.io/renv/articles/renv.html) and [`here`](https://here.r-lib.org), you should be able to instantly reproduce all results of the manuscript.

The project contains the following folders:

- [Code](Code) contains the analysis code of this project
- [Data](Data) contains the aggregated data needed to execute the analysis code and an `*.RData`file with all the variablkes generated by the R script in the `Code` folder
- [Manuscript](Manuscript) contains the R Markdown files written (main manuscript and supplement) to create the manuscript for this project and the PDF files generated
- [renv](renv) contains the information on all the R packages used for this project as well as a routine for installing the package versions used to be able to fully reproduce the results of our manuscript even if you have other versions of these packages installed

To use this project, simply clone this project (via the green `Code` button top right), open `activate_course.R` in the root folder under [RStudio](https://www.rstudio.com/products/rstudio/), and then follow the instructions in the comments of `activate_course.R`. Once all package versions have been loaded (which may take a while), execute the script in the `Code` folder, and then you should be able to reproduce our manuscript from the `NFC-Grades.Rmd`<sup>1</sup> file in the `Manuscript` folder by hitting the `Knit` button in RStudio (better make a copy of the `*.pdf` file already provided in this folder to compare your output with ours). To reproduce the supplemental material, knit the file `NFC-Grades-Supplement.Rmd`<sup>1</sup> file.

In case that you get an error message because some package could not be installed, please consult the `renv.lock`file for all the packages needed to reproduce our analyses and try to install (some of) them by hand. We apologize for any inconvenience – we really tried our best to make this project as accessible and reproducible as possible.

---

<small><sup>1</sup> Please note that the \*.Rmd files have been temporarily removed from this repository due to the fact that our manuscript currently undergoes a blinded review process. They will be available here as soon as the review process is completed.</small>
